## How to Install Vusbbus Driver on Windows 7 64-bit

  
# How to Install Vusbbus Driver on Windows 7 64-bit
  
Vusbbus is a virtual USB bus driver that allows you to emulate USB devices such as HASP keys. It can be useful for software development, testing, or reverse engineering. However, installing Vusbbus driver on Windows 7 64-bit can be tricky, as it requires some manual steps and a compatible version of the driver. In this article, we will show you how to install Vusbbus driver on Windows 7 64-bit in a few easy steps.
 
## vusbbus 64 bits windows 7


[**DOWNLOAD**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Ftinurll.com%2F2tKlBy&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3DFRFJ_yjuUsbbGa1mWsnN)

  
## Step 1: Download the Vusbbus Driver Source Code
  
The first step is to download the Vusbbus driver source code from GitHub[^1^]. This is a repository that contains the original source code by Chingachguk, Denger2k, and tch2000, as well as some modifications by flashermedia. You can download the source code as a ZIP file or clone it using Git.
  
## Step 2: Compile the Vusbbus Driver
  
The next step is to compile the Vusbbus driver from the source code. You will need a Windows XP DDK (Driver Development Kit) to do this. You can download it from Microsoft's website[^2^]. After installing the DDK, you will need to change some paths in the batch files that are included in the source code. These are "chk make.bat", "free make.bat", "chk install.bat", and "free install.bat". You will need to set the SRC\_DRIVE, SRC\_PATH, and DDK\_PATH variables according to your system. For example:

    set SRC_DRIVE=C:
    set SRC_PATH=22\bus
    set DDK_PATH=D:\WINDDK\2600.1106

After changing the paths, you can run "chk make.bat" for a debug build or "free make.bat" for a release build of the driver. This will create a VUsbBus.sys file in the Inf folder.
  
## Step 3: Install the Vusbbus Driver
  
The final step is to install the Vusbbus driver on your Windows 7 64-bit system. You will need to disable driver signature enforcement first, as the driver is not digitally signed. To do this, you can follow these steps:
  
1. Restart your computer and press F8 during boot.
2. Select "Disable Driver Signature Enforcement" from the Advanced Boot Options menu.
3. Press Enter to continue booting.

After disabling driver signature enforcement, you can install the driver using one of two methods:

- Method 1: Use Device Manager
    1. Open Device Manager by pressing Windows + R and typing devmgmt.msc.
    2. Select "Add legacy hardware" from the Action menu.
    3. Click "Next" and select "Install the hardware that I manually select from a list".
    4. Click "Next" and select "System devices".
    5. Click "Next" and select "Have Disk".
    6. Browse to the Inf folder where you compiled the driver and select vusbbus.inf.
    7. Click "Open" and then "OK".
    8. Click "Next" and follow the instructions to complete the installation.
- Method 2: Use Devcon Utility
    1. Copy devcon.exe from the DDK bin folder to the Inf folder where you compiled the driver.
    2. Open a command prompt as administrator by pressing Windows + R and typing cmd.
    3. Navigate to the Inf folder using cd command.
    4. Type devcon remove root\vusbbus to uninstall any previous version of the driver.
    5. Type devcon install vusbbus.inf root\vusbbus to install the new version of the driver.

## Step 4: Use the Vusbbus Driver
  
After installing the Vusbbus driver, you can use it to emulate USB devices such as HASP
 0f148eb4a0
